Fix typos and improve wording (#414)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/templates/styling.md

**font-family**\
The name of the font to use on the card. If your font has spaces in it
like "MS Unicode", then you need to surround the font name in double

> quotes, e.g. `font-family: "MS Unicode";`. It is also possible to use multiple fonts on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quotes, like `font-family: "MS Unicode";`. It is also possible to use multiple fonts on
```
Might be better to reword entirely: 

> If the name has spaces in it, then you need to surround it in double
quotes, like `font-family: "MS Unicode";`.

Author: good point!

> quotes, e.g., `font-family: "MS Unicode";`. It is also possible to use multiple fonts on

Author: Without comma is much more common in the manual. I'll use that for now.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2d2f7521-3c1c-43b7-b09b-a8b8bdde8f5a)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/45e1fc6d-bcc7-4e1e-8b6a-37dce7e7f015)
